Irene.
Aww,
you look so handsome there.
Oh, you look beautiful.
Those came out so nice.
Look at you.
Crazy, right?
That’s the day!
Look at us.
You’re so surprised.
I just knew you were going to do it.
Sorry, Olivia.
Are you OK?
Yeah, it’s OK, Sue.
I’m so sorry.
No worries.
Um, I’m all moved in.
That was the last box.
Dad, are those the wedding photos?
Yeah.
Let me see.
Look it. Here’s . . .
Oh, you all look beautiful.
That dress looks so nice.
You look so good.
Aww, look at you.
Aww, that suits you.
Very nice, you guys.
Yeah, it all came together.
It really did.
Yeah.
Olivia?
I know this is all new, baby.
Be patient.
Can I cut in?
Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
What’s wrong?
Where’s the desk?
We had to get rid of it.
This one is better for everyone.
You mean it’s better for him!
For Max?
What are you saying?
What do you care?
Don’t talk to me like that. Get back here!
Hey, Olivia, what do you think
about the desk?
Come here, sweetie. Come here.
So you never forget that I love you.
I hope you like it.
It’s OK, Mom.
You didn’t know.
Dad did that for her just before he died.
Anything I can do to help?
Romans 12:10:
“In showing honor to one another,
take the lead.”
Olivia?
I made your favorite tonight.
Thank you.
I wanted to tell you
that I didn’t handle that so well today.
You had good reason
to be upset about the desk.
Mom, you didn’t know.
It’s just one of those things
that Dad did just for me.
I know he’s my stepdad now, but
I just wish he would have checked first.
It wasn’t Max.
It was me.
I wanted to surprise Max
with a place for him to do his work.
So he didn’t make you get rid of the desk?
No.
I just thought you both didn’t care.
I will never ever stop caring about you.
Hey, Steve.
Yeah, I’m sorry I was late to the meeting.
I should have been there
to help out with my assignment.
Yeah, we got delayed.
We’re late!
Let’s go, kids!
We’re coming! Sorry!
Yeah, the family is fine.
Everybody is adjusting really well.
Anyone seen my glasses?
Anyone?
I mean, we might be a little out of sync,
but I don’t know
—every family has their issues, right?
You going outside in those?
Mm-hmm.
Hey, well, thanks for understanding.
All right.
OK. Take care.
All right, bye-bye.
I don’t know.
What do you think?
We all have to work on it. I know I need to.
Why don’t we approach it that way
with the kids
—just be open with them?
That sounds like a good idea.
OK. So Irene and I have been talking about
communication
in our family.
We wanted to talk
about our phones and other devices.
You’re not talking about me, are you?
You can’t do that.
No, no.
I know that we can all be
more balanced, but . . .
I need it.
You’re joking, right? You mean them.
You can’t take them away.
I haven’t done anything bad.
I have responsibilities.
Hold on.
You’re always on your phone too.
That’s true.
It’s OK.
Let’s just talk about it, all right?
Sue,
can you read Ephesians 5:15, 16
for us, please?
“So keep strict watch that how you walk
“is not as unwise but as wise persons,
making the best use of your time,
because the days are wicked.”
So
how do you think we’re doing
with our phones and other devices?
It isn’t that what you’re doing
on your devices is wrong.
Exactly.
But could it be taking time away
from more important things
—like talking to each other,
and in that way affecting even
how we’re talking to each other?
Yeah, I think it’d be smart
to have some boundaries then.
Yeah, OK.
OK.
Let’s talk about how we can do that.
Hey!
Hey, Olivia.
Hey.
Evidently, I haven’t figured out
how to talk to her about her clothes yet.
Hmm.
I need your help.
I got this one.
I know,
but it’s all about good spiritual judgment.
Do you think that these trends reflect
Jehovah’s view of “respectable dress”?
I know that you’ll do the right thing.
OK.
Hey, Gabe, can you take us?
Yeah, of course. Mm-hmm.
While we’re all here,
I know we all have
different views on punctuality,
but
I really need your help
so that I can take care
of some of my responsibilities.
You think we can meet in the middle?
OK.
Yeah.
All right. Great.
The last few weeks of family worship
have been nice,
right?
Yeah.
All these things we ask and pray
in Jesus’ name, Amen.
Amen.
OK, this week . . .
We are in chapter 5.
Yep, that’s right.
And last week, Gabe read, so this week . . .
It’s Sue’s turn.
That’s right. It’s Sue’s turn.
OK, the point here is
that when it comes . . .
Honey, maybe an illustration would be better.
Um, OK.
It’s like a bird . . .
Well, hopefully I was able to clear that up
for you a little bit, Olivia.
Yeah. Thank you.
Well, actually, Max, that’s not true.
We had an updated understanding
in the recent Watchtower.
Thanks.
I think they went really well, right?
Um, actually . . .
Hey.
Maybe we can talk about it later.
OK.
Hey!
Want some tea?
Sure!
Hey, babe,
you and me, we’re a team, right?
Yeah, of course!
When I read this, I thought about us.
“So that they are no longer two,
but one flesh.”
I know that before, you had to shoulder
everything yourself for so long.
Mm-hmm.
And you did great.
You’ve been raising two beautiful,
spiritual kids on your own.
But now you have me.
Yeah, I do.
So do you think
sometimes we’re not a team?
Well, it’s just that sometimes
during family worship . . .
I get excited, and I jump in. I know!
I’m just so used to doing it
after all these years.
I know you’re not trying to take over.
And listen, I love the way you teach.
I see how you can reach the kids
in ways that I can’t.
Just let me guide it,
and I’ll make sure you can do that.
Thanks, honey. Thanks for your patience.
No, thank you for your patience.
I’m a work in progress,
but we make a great team.
Why don’t we look at what we’re going
to cover before our next family worship?
That sounds great.
Hi.
Hey, babe.
So, what’s for family worship this week?
I think I got some good ideas.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Thank you for reading that.
Um.
Let’s just go ahead and ask the question.
We’ll just do that.
So paragraphs 13 and 14:
“How can we be generous?”
Anybody?
Now, the footnote that we just read
really helps us to appreciate
the definition of that quality.
Without the definition, we’re left to wonder
exactly what it is
and how it connects to the other things
that we’ve discussed this evening.
Gabe, can you go ahead
and read the next one for us?
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
The Bible contains many examples
of submissive individuals.
So are there examples?
Sue.
Yeah.
That’s right.
When we talk about examples,
where do we start?
There are examples in the past;
there are even examples presently.
And we could even be examples.
That’s—that’s the power of them.
Let’s keep going.
That was a lot of reading.
I know, right?
I want to enjoy family worship, but
I feel like the things that we are covering
are just really not what I need right now.
Yeah.
You know, I just don’t know
if this is what they need right now.
Hmm.
We’ll keep working on it.
March 15, 2014, Watchtower,
“Family Worship
—Can you Make It More Enjoyable?”:
“The worship of Jehovah
should not be boring. . . .
Address the needs of each family member.”
Babe, what do our kids need?
What’s actually going on in their lives?
Family worship needs to include that.
Yeah, maybe we need to pay more attention
to what’s going on with them.
Talk to them; listen to them.
I’m going to send you a link
to a great Watchtower  article.
I can’t wait to read it.
Max and I changed our approach.
We found out what mattered to our kids
—like friends,
. . . adjusting to a blended family,
. . . dating.
So we turned things around
and used family worship
to focus on what our kids really needed
and to prepare ourselves
for possible future trials.
Good night, y’all.
Good night.
Um,
family worship was—was cool.
It was.
I’m glad you liked it.
Thank you.
Good night, y’all.
Night.
Good night.
Hey! Guess what?
What?
I applied to Bethel.
You did?
Yep.
That’s really exciting.
I’m proud of you.
Thanks.
Aww, congratulations.
Thank you.
Hey, it’s selfie time, everybody.
Come on, let’s get together.
All right. On three
we’re going to say Bethel, OK?
All right.
One, two, three.
Bethel!
We’ve come a long way.
And through it all,
Jehovah has taught us to love
and he’s given our family
peace.